~B~1~PList of Head Moderators, Super Moderators, Moderators, and Guides as
of March 22nd, 2004:

~2Moderators are in the game to protect you and the game from players who
would rather cause trouble, ruining the game for everyone. One thing that
you should know about Moderators is that they will not prize you experience,
cash, points, bounty, or any items in the public arenas. Moderators only do
this in private arenas, and will do so only if that Moderator thinks the
action is appropriate. Please remember Moderators are players too, and
sometimes like to play this fine game. Contacting Moderators should be
limited to reporting abuse of guidlines, ~3which are found under the HELP
section, named "Moderator Rules Guidlines,"~2 or if there is a game bug that
is directly affecting the flow of the game. ~3An example of this would be a
flag spawning or being placed on an unreachable place. ~2It is also not
required of the Moderators listed to referee your league matches nor give
permits to said league, ~3unless listed Moderator is a referee of that
league. ~2Moderators are not required to host events. Events are ran by
Moderators who volunteer to do so, at their own expense. Guides are here to
help players with technical questions; not as much rule violations. Every
once and a while, a Guide may help a Moderator with a rule violator, but
Guides are not powered. Harassing Guides is just as bad as harassing
Moderators, so don't do it. Be respectful, and you will be assisted by one
or more people who can  help you with your problem.

~1Head Moderator
~B~2Un0me

~B~1Super Moderators
~B~27hm
BLIssID911
EpoDeSurfer
GuySki
ike
research monkey
Sushi*Girl
Weltch
ahj
Baz
dizzeguy
Military Police
Crimson Crusader

~B~1Moderators
~B~2Osiris A&M
Modify
Stealth Stalker
The_Dominion
Tick
AWOL215
Accident
anti-static
Chuckie
F l a r e
Evolution
Magneto
rookie187
Spook
Wreck

~B~1Guides
~B~2AssasinCommando
Balloon
Black Rain
Caligstar
Carnilion
Combat Ace
DarkStalker
Elite Obsession
KiltyMcBagpipes
Marine+




